2017-12-25
Squid Fucks Girl, needs title
Draft 2
----------------------------------------



Winnow with giant arms the slumbering green.
There hath he lain for ages, and will lie
Battening upon huge seaworms in his sleep,
Until the latter fire shall heat the deep
	Alfred Tennyson, The Kraken



She watches it rise and fall for a minute, trying to get a feel for
the rhythm. The deck of the small sub rolls next to the mothership in
a precarious way. The chop is significant, as it always seems to be in
these cold waters. A slip would mean not just a painfully icy plunge but
a real risk to her life, and certainly an immediate end to the day's
expedition. Her slender fingers grip the lifeline of the gangway and
she feels the thin metal of the platform coming up and dropping away
beneath her foot as that cold wind blows through the thin material of
her coveralls. She loves those coveralls - she feels that nothing says
"science" like a well-fit pair of coveralls, with your organizational
patch sewn on the arm.

She's got a feel for the rhythm now, and steps confidently onto the
rolling deck of the sub, its small body affected far more dramatically
by the chop than the large heavy hull of the mother ship. She leans over
the hatchway looking into the dim mostly-submerged cabin. He's working
in there, hunt-and-peck poking at control panels, flipping clicky old
switches, and checking them against a clipboard resting in his lap. Her
shadow blocks his daylight and he looks up at her, his smile cracking
along that sharp face with it's long jaw and slightly too-big nose and
ice-dark eyes which always seem like the pupils are dilated too small.

"Time to come aboard?"

"I want to make sure you don't skip on that checklist of yours."

"Please, I'm a professional!"

He grins at her, but she wasn't kidding. It's her life that depends on
that checklist, and she isn't willing to trust that to anyone else. She
slips lithely through the hatch, her small sneaker-clad feet first,
and into the cabin of the sub. There's not really enough space for two
people to move around in here. She is forced to lean over him. She
smells the warmth of his body and his dark scent filling the round space
of the cabin. At least that makes it's easy to check his work.

He's wearing a dark t-shirt, dark blue or black, as if he doesn't feel
the cold drafting down from the open hatch above. The shirt is kind of
too small, the sleeves not really long enough, so even in the dimmer
light of the cabin she can see the layers of of one muscle on another
in his upper arms. She thinks to herself that she totally knows this
type of guy. Outdoorsy, a hard worker, sciency - but not rigorous enough
to actually be a scientist - almost certainly he does pushups every
morning. She's not about to ask him if he does, though.

"Should be a good dive, we've mapped the seafloor in this area and it
has some strange features. I wish I could be going down with you."

"Maybe someday the organization will decide it's useful to send
non-scientists. Or maybe you'll publish a few peer-reviewed papers and
they'll think you're scientist enough to merit a dive. Miracles do
happen."

"Jeez, harsh!"

He smiles like it's a joke, but his eyes wander away and she knows she
actually hurt his feelings. But she doesn't really care. It's warmer
in the sub than she expects, so she unzips her coveralls a bit to let
some air on her chest. Almost immediately she realizes he is watching
her, and is stealing a peak at the beginning curving edge of her slight
cleavage.

"Well, everything checked out nicely. Here's your checklist."

Handing her the clipboard he gets up into the crouching-crawling
position that will get him past her to the hatchway. She crouches
herself and wiggles around the other side of the chair as he starts up
the ladder.

"Good luck with your dive, remember we'll be keeping an eye on you from
the control room on the ship."

Still crouching she looks up at him on the ladder and smiles, before she
realizes that he is staring at the curve of her ass, normally lost to
the bulk of the coveralls, but in this position manifesting itself right
in front of him. She feels like she has accidentally hung out a flag for
sexual predators.

"Yeah... make sure you lock that hatch on your way out."

"As I said, I'm a professional!"

The hatch clanks closed and takes the small spot of natural light with
it. She reviews the second page on the clipboard --- the part of
the checklist for her to complete before she can begin the dive ---
and ticks off boxes rapidly as she scans the dim red lights of the
instrument panel. She hits the bottom of her checklist and snaps the
clipboard against a magnet mounted on the wall next to her. The sub is
ready to descend. She flips the switch to open the mic for radio contact
with the control room on the mother ship.

"Surface; I'm ready to dive, you can cast off."

She hears the usual stomping on the deck as the men uncleat the lines
and toss them to the mother ship before leaping back to the gangway.

"Sub; you're clear and good to go."

She uses the thrusters to get some distance from the mother ship, and
then flips some switches to flood the ballast tanks. The sub slowly
starts to sink, and almost immediately the water around the sub darkens.

She's a rational thinker, like a good scientist should be. Rationally,
she's not even sure why she's here. It's dangerous to send humans,
with their soft squishably delicate bodies. But there still pervades a
sense that live scientists immersed in the environment could put things
together in a way that's impossible through the viewfinder of a camera
or with remote sensing technology. That's why she's here now. She's one
of the top in her field, when she requested dive time, it was granted.
Most of her colleagues had been down dozens of times. but this is only
her third dive.

It's cold in the sub. The cold made her nipples move against the thin
white cotton of the tanktop she wore under her coveralls. She pulls the
environmental controls up on the control screen and tries to raise the
thermostat temperature. There doesn't appear to be much response. She
notes it in her log. She notes _everything_ in her log:

750 METERS --- CURRENT INTERIOR TEMP: 66 DEGREES. ADJUST INTERIOR TEMP
TO REQUEST 82 DEGREES. SWITCHED OFF EXTERIOR LIGHTING.

She presses the switch for the exterior floods and has the sense that
she can almost hear the lights dimming as they fade away. The sub had
been used for ages, rehabbed many times, but at the core still running
on technology from decades ago. Many of the controls on the sub are
still operated by manual switches. She loves the feel of them in her
fingers; those old switches felt like they did something real. Exactly
the opposite of that damn central computer control system that "made
requests" of the heating system.

The exterior darkness takes over her lonely little world, now lit only
by the tiny crimson lights of the instruments. She stares directly
into the darkness, letting her pupils open, trying to see the lights
of this world, the signals sent by the vast biomass she knows lives
down here. Even at this late stage of ocean exploration very little is
known about what lives here. When the lights are seen they are much
like the light of stars - dim, faint, everywhere. And each light is a
whole vast unexplored creation. Unlike the stars though, down here they
did occasionally bump into one of these lights, and suddenly a creature
pops into existence, and science would turn it from a faint light into a
viable living thing. She loves that, it's the most exciting par of being
on these dives. It feels like real science, as opposed to pushing data
through number-crunching software - the reality of most of her job.

At the moment though, all she can see is the purply-red reflection of
the instrument lights in the observation dome. And it's still cold. Her
sit bones bore uncomfortably in the thin vinyl-padded metal seat. And
for some reason the dehumidification system isn't working aby better
than the heater. He breath leaves condensation on the cold glass of the
screens, and she sees little droplets slowly inching a path down the
metal walls. She blames the sub-tech guys. She's sure they fuck with the
environmental controls to make sure scientists always _felt_ like they
are a mile down in unfrozen ice water. Though the darkness certainly
helps too.

As the minutes pass she starts to seem glimmers out in that darkness.
Faint reds and blues far out in the black firmament, tracing out
the glyphs of some atavistic language - messages of love, warnings
to friends, lures of death. Every time her eye tries to target one
directly, it seems to disappear. They are phantasmagorical things,
flitting along the edges of her vision, never to be considered by the
direction observation of the scientist.

"Surface; 1900 meters."

"Roger that. Your descent should be slowing and you should be coming up
on the bottom. Can you see it?"

She flips the floods back on and they silently whine to life, and their
life blasted away the dome of false-colored stars she had been gazing
at. Indeed, there is the bottom.

"I have the bottom in sight. Pretty unremarkable, actually. I was
hoping for a little more action in this spot."

It spreads out in the long bony fingers of the floods' light, a flat,
gray unremarkable bottom. The sub touches the bottom with a soft bump,
and a light cloud of silt spools up around her, filling the viewing dome
with an opaque concrete color.

"I'm on the bottom."

"The bottom is 2103 meters here. We've mapped a pretty flat desert with
the sonar. But you know we've been pulling crazy animals up from this
area with the trawling nets. With a little luck you should be in for a
treat. You've got 6 hours available to you."

"Thanks. I'm starting the bottom clock now. What are my chances of
seeing anything here really?"

"Don't worry. The lights always bring 'em. Just be patient and don't
get your panties in a bunch."

Fuck you bro, she thinks to herself. But her mind shifts back to
concentrating on observing --- observation was what she was here for.
She jots down more useless information in short bursts in her log, not
daring to look away for too long. Nothing to report so far. Time noted.
Depth and surroundings described.

But something is moving out there. The silt shifts, out at the end of
the lights. The shift moves in her direction. No, not a single thing,
a whole group of things. They cross towards the lights, and then she
can see - some kind of large decapoda, dozens of them with carapaces
of iridescent blue and black. She can't name them precisely, but the
specimen cameras target the movement automatically and tick away. It
will be intern work for the next few weeks to identify them properly.

Her fingers touch the thin little joystick and she guides the
articulated manipulator to pull a piece of rotted fish from the bait
can. The arm held out the fish to the passing decapoda and one of them
tickles over, taking it lightly in its claw and passing it to its
mandibles.

And now there are some small silvery bony fish passing through the
lights, each time they turned a tiny spot of light would swim across the
sub's cabin. More life swims into view. Pulsing life, flashing life,
toothy life. She jots continuously in her log, trying to preserve not
the specific species she is seeing, but the relationships between them,
how they move, what they might be doing differently in reaction to this
sudden moon pool of light spilling into their world of pitch.

There is a shadow. Something big. She feels her heart tap faster, and
her breath goes a little shallow. What _is_ that? She instinctively
knows it is a whole other scale of size from the creatures she has seen
so far. There aren't a huge number of possibilities, really. There are
some big slow-moving sharks that could be down this deep. Squid, some
kinds of whales. This is still undiscovered country down here though.
It is always possible it is some new thing that had never been seen
before. A true undiscovered leviathan of the deep. There are all those
unverified reports --- a long history of them from the deep sea --- low
sounds so loud they could be heard across oceans to the other side of
the world. Huge gray blobs of necrotic meat that washed up on remote
beaches. Scars on the hides of sperm whales that were unidentifiable,
but made by some monster beyond all reckoning of the imaginations of
humans. Alone here, the believability of these things crushes and
distorts the plastic framework of her rational scientific thinking. It
is a framework more flimsy than she had believed.

Another shadow passes. It is not only big, it is fast. `Darting' is how
she would describe it. Though usually that was a word reserved for small
quick creatures. She cranes her head forward into the dome, looking
up, back along the edge of the acrylic, down the side of the sub. It
is dimmer there, the light doesn't travel as far in that direction. An
orderly line of piping for cables and controls traces back along the
curve of the hull. Leaning as far forward as she can get, pressing her
face against the glass and rotating her eyes to one extreme of their
sockets, she can see a little farther back along the hull. Back to where
she thought the shadow has gone.

Her eye catch movement back there. For a moment it seems like one of
the control line might have broken loose and is waving slowly in the
current. But she can't be sure. The sub status lights are all green; no
reason to panic yet. She debates checking the sub systems status with
topside. But the waving line seems to be moving slowly towards her ---
a thing she realizes at precisely the same time that her mind registers
the flow of the current moving in the opposite direction. The waving
line is something alive.

Everything seems to go absolutely silent. She forces herself to breathe,
slowly and carefully. She makes herself pay attention to the quiet
humming of the sub life support systems, the whine of the propeller
servos transmitting through the hull as they automatically hold the sub
in place. But her mind is completely taken up with the shadowy movement
coming towards her. Slowly but definitely.

A fast-moving shadow shoots across the light field. A thump that echoes
through the bones of the sub. A large mass of pink flesh smacks against
the clear lens of the dome. Rows of bloating suckers, each independently
striving to lock on to the ungrippable glass, each with a bared circle
of hooked canine teeth, scratching and scraping into the hard material.
The sound fills the close interior of the sub.

She is not a person who was easily startled. But this forces a screech
from her. She checks that she left the radio mic closed.

She concentrates on identify9ing the thing attacking her sub. She
corrects herself - what it is, it almost certainly wasn't "attacking,"
it was just being curious. Her mind starts eliminating possibilities,
and slipping back to rational scientific thinking like that clams her
down quickly.

Those were cephalopod suckers, for sure. Bigger than any she's ever
seen. The rows of suckers attached to the hunk of reddish meat creeping
across her window look like the starving eyes of an animal carcass.
Giant hooks rotate and scrape against the surface, and a slightly
thinner rope of flesh snakes off into the darkness on the side of the
sub.

It took a bit, but she put it together. There is only one known thing
this big, with rotating hooks like that, _Mesonychoteuthis
hamiltoni_. This is something special, no one had ever seen one at depth
before. She reminds herself that at the moment she hasn't seen one
either, just the club end of a tentacle scraping across her view port.

She puts her hands on the sub controls, a full-size joystick in each
hand, and rotates the sub towards the tentacle, slowly. She doesn't want
to scare it off, but she doesn't want it to get bored either. These
things are notoriously intelligent. She needs to keep it entertained.
Her left hand goes for the smaller controls of the manipulator arm, and
she works it around and into the bait can, poking for a large piece
of dead fish. Nothing in there is really appropriate for _M.
hamiltoni_, but she finds a relatively large and intact herring. She
hopes the smell alone would be enough to keep its interest for a while.
She moves it towards the groping tentacle, which does seem to draw
its attention. It moves off the glass and wraps around the herring,
engulfing it. She thought of the herring being engulfed in those rows
and rows of masticating sucker teeth. But it was more in amazement of
the capabilities of evolution to develop ferocious weapons than any kind
of pity for a piece of dead fish.

The tentacle takes its fish and retracts into the darkness.

"Shit." She whispers to herself, afraid of having lost it.

For a moment there was nothing. And then, there was the WHOLE thing. It
slowly puffs right into the light of the floods, though it is so big it
stretches across the entire path of the light, the tip of its hood, and
ends of its tentacles still immersed in the dark on either side. She
watches it, taking notes. It's 8 arms wave gently in its slow wake, its
two tentacles probe more actively in the sea around it. It's hood slowly
filling, and lightly deflating, as it swims casually along, afraid of
nothing, apparently.

The sense of its nonchalance was undermined by its eyes, which probe ---
up, down, forward --- each the size of her head. She can see directly
into the abyss of its pupils as they wilt, trimming away the excess
light. And where its eye look a tentacle soon follows, and then an arm
or two.

And then the eyes look at her. It seems impossible that this thing could
recognize anything beyond the shell of the sub. It can't see HER...
could it? She remembers skimming a paper that described how the eyes are
used for detecting phosphorescent trails left by descending whales. They
aren't used for SEEING at all, really. They are sensors for avoiding
death when it swoops down from above in a cold illuminated arc. But,
surely, it is now looking PAST the glass, it is looking at HER.

Despite the better part of her scientific nature, she waves to it. As
before, the tentacles go where the eye looks, this time towards the
glass. The tips touch on either side of the dome, and trace slowly along
the edge, as a blind and hungry carnivore might feel for its food. To
her, that is reassuringly more animal-like behavior. She was beginning
to doubt her judgment. For a moment, she feared she was ascribing
too much human motivation to the creature. Seeing it groping for the
shape of a thing is something more like what she would expect a giant
cephalopod to do.

"But" she argued quietly with herself, "We know hardly anything about
these animals, it would be unscientific to have ANY expectations about
its behavior."

She slides the red cabin lights up to full, figuring if the beast is
in fact looking at her through the glass, and not just at a blurry
sub-shaped thing in the water, a little more light would help it out.

Its hood expands, like a sheet drying on a line on a warm summer's day,
filling with a slow wind. It moves towards the sub, it's thick tentacles
slip around the edge of the acrylic dome. As each arm comes into range,
the tips gently slide along the glass, she can see the tiny suckers
running down to the tip of each arm. It's clearly exploring by touch,
and at the same time it never breaks eye contact with her. She can't
help but feel like those eyes are judging her, CONSIDERING her. She puts
her hand out and touches the glass, her fingertips apposing the tips of
its arms.

It is such an attractive animal. The arms are massive, rippling with
power and those terrifying teeth, hooks, and suckers. They are fierce
tools for tearing apart all things with its reach. She can't help but
wonder what it would feel like to have those prehensile arms wrapping
slowly around her, feeling each of those innumerable suckers latching on
independently, each sucker grinding its circle of teeth into her flesh,
the hooks implanting into her body, the muscles of the arms contracting,
crushing her with the passion that only comes with deep hunger - these
creatures were known to be voracious. She could imagine losing the
ability to breathe, the air forced from her lungs under constriction,
never to come back again.

She knew there were no known instances of giant deep-ocean cephalopods
eating people. But seeing the weapons this thing is armed with and the
power of this thing so close made it impossible for her not to consider.
She suddenly remembers she should be taking notes, and starts jotting
descriptions of color and estimates of size.

The _M. Hamiltoni_ is spreading it's arms now, opening them on
each side, seemingly trying to gain some kind of purchase on the sub.
As its arms spread, its beak, black and horny, shows itself. It opens
slowly and the creature's short black-rubbery tongue slides along the
sharp edge of the beak, as if it is licking its lips in hunger. From
some obscure place under its body a white phallus starts to grow, like
a crystal seen with a time-lapse camera. It splays out to six feel long
and swells in girth until it was some inches thick. This beast, she
realized, is a male, and it has a hard-on.

She laughs, in spite of herself.

This thing, so huge, so frightening, now has two tentacles, 8 arms, and
a penis all waving from it, all seeming to seek something. It was a
comic horror. In one way, it just looks so ridiculous. In another way it
is terrifying --- she can't avoid the sense they are all seeking HER.

The thing's penis, stood hard against the current that cause all
the other appendages to waft gently in the slow motion of this deep
cold water. She found herself focusing on the penis, it absorbs her
concentration. She continues taking notes --- nobody has ever seen this
penis in the wild before --- but her mind slowly wraps itself around
that throbbing stiff pole with much more attention and absorption than
she could ever capture in her precise notes.

As the details of the huge member penetrate past her consciousness and
drift lazily down into her subconscious (she had the passing thought
that dreams about this moment would come to her for many years after)
she found her subconscious pushing strange desires back up to the
surface. Again she is being held in the monster's coiling, biting arms,
feeling them wrap around her wrists, her thighs. Feeling them digging
in, a thousand gasping, desperate suckers biting into her flesh. But
now, her thighs are being spread --- or maybe they are just spreading?
And the phallus comes towards her...

"Woah." She whispers to herself. "I wonder if the mixture is ok."
She taps the old needle-dial oxygen gauge, but it's firmly at 21\%, just
as it should be.

"I don't think I'm going crazy. But I do think I'm getting wet." She
unzips her coveralls, sliding the zipper down from her neck, over her
breasts to the stop at the end down by her crotch. She slips her hand
under the edge of her panties, and touches herself gently. She didn't
even need to touch herself, her panties are sopping. She licks her
finger, tasting her own saltiness. _M. Hamiltoni_ never looked away
from her. His pupils narrow and gaze through the window, watching her
touch herself, or so it seems.

He moves closer, his beak wide, at least three of his arms circling the
glass.

"You like that big boy?" His yardstick of a phallus swings forward,
probing the cold water. She lets her legs spread slowly as she slides
her hand down the front of her panties her fingers warm between her wet
vulva and the light cotton material. She feels the curl of her short
hairs slipping between her fingers and thinks how it might feel to rub
it against her friend out there. To take that cold wet slippery stick in
her hand and rub it against her warm mammalian mound of fur. Would he
enjoy it? Would it be an alien experience for him? Maybe he'd recoil in
some kind of instinctual cephalopodian disgust. Or maybe he'd find warm
fur to be something enticing, the way humans enjoyed the texture of the
scale of snakeskin, so much so that they turned it into boots.

She lets her finger find her clit. She circles her clit, feeling each
side of that tiny thing. And in her mind it's the tip of the tentacle,
going around and around, his eyes never leaving hers. She holds his long
penis in her hands, sliding them up the shaft, foot by foot, looking for
some end or base to be reached, but giving up. It slips back through her
hands, as he slowly swims backwards. His tentacle tip never loses it's
focus on her clit. His eyes, wet planets adjusting their orbits with his
motion, never lose their focus on her eyes.

_M. Hamiltoni_ starts to become active. His arms twine around each
other and come apart again. The pink fleshy meat tenses in long forceful
grasps as his arms rotate and spin, tracing patterns in the light,
coming back over and over to tap and scrape his hooks against the glass.
And hanging below, that long line of that massive penis. He turns his
body slowly, bringing it toward the glass.

She craves the lust and power of this monster. She wants to pass through
the glass and become a beast like him, wrapped in his coils and his
will. She needs more.

She slips her arms out of the sleeves of her coveralls, ans as she
pushes the fabric down her body, her thumbs slip under the waist of her
panties at her side. She lifts her ass off the vinyl seat, and slides
her panties and coveralls down to her ankles. Her knees spread wide, and
she passes the palm of her hand over the gentle arc of her belly, the
small part of her back arching forward, the muscles of her legs slightly
tensed to support her body. She presents herself to him.

She adjusts the pitch of her voice to whisper to him, willing the sound
to pass through the glass and the water to him.

"I want you. Do you understand that? Can you feel lust? Is desire
something that's part of a imaginative fantasy for you? Or is it purely
a mechanical, physical thing? Can you picture taking me through that
glass? Can you see yourself in a place with no barrier between us?"

_M. Hamiltoni_ blinks his great eyelids at her, and his arms thrust
forward. The acrylic dome pops lightly without a sound, like a bubble.
The tips of two arms touch her knees lightly, and then snake gently
around her thighs, in long coiling wraps, working their way upwards
toward her open pussy. Another arm, slips behind her, under her arched
back, and lays its tip down across her belly. Other arms touch her,
probe the curves of her legs, the edges of her elbows; one circles her
neck gently. He lifts her up, and brings her gently out; into a world of
cold and fluid motion.

It doesn't even occur to her to struggle. Struggle would make her prey.
She wasn't prey. She was a postulant before this antediluvian god. She
WANTED to be with him; to open for him. In the wide deep, she floats
in his arms, and he moves them to where he is more comfortable, in the
dark out of the light pool from the submarine. His pupils expand to wide
pits of blackness darker even than the dark water around. She can feel
his grip on her relax slightly, as if he is more comfortable. One of his
arms drifts slowly through her hand, and she can feel the cold bumpy
skin sliding along with massive power stilled.

Now comfortable in the cold dark, he explores his acquisition
thoroughly; his arms and tentacles everywhere on her body, touching
every curve, every marked definition of muscle or fat. She couldn't
process all the things happening. There was too much to track. Too many
arms and tentacles, too much sensory input for her small human mind.
She wills him to touch anything. She wills him to see her body with
his arms and touch. She notices that he spends more time on her hard
edges: her knees, her elbows, her hips --- drawing a picture for himself
of her external soft edge, and its strange hard frame that gave it an
unmalleable shape.

He is everywhere. His arms wrap around her lower calf, her upper thigh,
both wrists, one (gently) circles her neck. One cradles her ass, and
comes around to lay across her stomach. Another arm glides up the arch
of her back. Another under the curve of her breasts, and dragging a
sharp pricking and catching claw across her nipple. She can feel his
power passing in waves of tightening muscles, moving around his body,
reflecting in her own body. When he tenses, the horny teeth of the
suckers, and the needle tips of his hooks dig into her flesh. A thousand
pricks, being driven into her body by overwhelming suffocating and
constricting force.

With unyielding force, he spreads her legs. She relaxes, opening for
him, and the sharp hooks of his tentacle tips slide up the inside of her
thighs. With astonishing delicateness, the soft part of his tentacle
touches her pussy. It presses between her lips, upwards and covers her
clit. His pressure is firm and timed, like when she uses her fingers but
softer, more controlled, more engulfing, and more articulated.

She loses her ability to consider things clearly. She is no longer a
dispassionate scientist observing an environment, she is part of the
environment. And he is not the subject of her observations, he has
taken her up as a thing in his environment. To him she might be an
alien lover, or a piece of food to be softened up, or just a toy that
floated down into his abyssal world from the unknown above. His touch
seems to both probe to comprehend her form, and also to push her for a
response. And she knows he can feel her response every time his tentacle
compresses against her clit. She can feel the muscles of her legs tense
against his gripping arms and his piercing hooks. She knows he can feel
her back arch and her lungs contract. She knows he is figuring out how
to make her respond.

One of his tentacles circles her neck and closes over her face and
everything becomes darker than dark. Every part of her is held by him
now. She can feel the long pole of his phallus brushing against her
ass. She can feel his arms clenching and unclenching. The teeth of his
suckers and the tips of his hooks dig painfully into her in a hundred
different places. His tentacle suck and rub gently at her clit, but the
muscles of his arms and tentacles clench and releas in time to her own
spasms. And she comes in a long slow arc, rolling her hips against his
gentle touch. Her body tenses and he responds, compressing every part
of her slowly against the arc of her orgasm. But with the increasing
compression comes increasing pain from the hooks and the teeth. And the
apex of her orgasm was a melding of searing scratching pain with a soft
wave of white-lit pleasure.

And as the tail end of her orgasm trails off, he slows his tentacle's
pressure on her clit, matching the slowing tensing of her body. She
suspects he can tell the wetness coming from her was of a different
consistency from the salt-water medium of his world. His tentacle
lingers over her wetness. His phallus continues to touch her, sliding
along the small over her back, under the curve of her ass.

And then it is in her, passing between the lips of her pussy, inching
slowly deeper. She is terrified, her mind held hostage by the sheer
length of the thing as she had seen it, knowing that as deep as it
already felt, it was only the tip of the pressing length, the beginning
of a long story.

It continues to come onwards, far beyond what she thought she was
capable of. The space she felt she had inside her had been filled almost
immediately and now he is filling a space in her she didn't know she
had. But it didn't hurt. He didn't hurt her with his phallus. He just
filled her completely. Like he could sense when he had pushed himself
into her to a point where he could tell that her whole being rested upon
him.

But it wasn't like he was fucking her. He just fills her and holds it
there. Holds her there. She is completely entrapped by him, completely
succumbed to him. She can feel his muscles tightening and relaxing
against her, as if he is trying to control a hurricane force of
emotions. But the only thing that actually moves was the soft tentacle
still touching her clit.

And this time the arc of her orgasm climbs steeply and quickly. She
passes over the top and finds a plateau there, where her body thrusts
and tightens against his clenching arms, and his rubbing tentacles. Her
orgasm goes on and on, suspended on that phallus that fills her, holding
her like a coat on a hook, but she is on a hook blowing in a gale wind,
suspended over a bottomless pit.

Then he is gone. Jetting off like a flower closing for the night. And
she is back in the cold sub with its vinyl padded seat and red interior
lighting. She is covered in a damp sweat, and pulls her coveralls back
up over her shoulders, zipping up over her belly, over her breasts to
the neck. The bottom-clock shows her time down here slipping away. She
flips the mic back open.

"Surface; I'm almost done down here. I'm going to wrap up and begin my
ascent."

"Roger that."


