"Surface; I'm ready to dive, you can cast off."

On deck, the usual clomping echoes through the hull of the small
submarine as the men uncleat the lines and toss them to the mother ship
before leaping back to the gangway. A metal-sliding-on-metal sound
scrapes annoyingly through her head as they pull the gangway back.

"Sub; you're clear and good to go."

She takes one control stick into each hand, and steers the thrusters
to push the submarine away from the mother ship before flipping the
switches that flood the ballast tanks. The submarine eases under the
surface and sinks. Through the viewing dome she watches the color of the
water slowly traverse from a crisp turquoise to a darkening green, on
its way to the thick carpet of black that fills all the deep places of
the Earth.

She's nervous, though she doesn't want to admit that to herself. Her
nipples betray her, preferring to respond to the small knot in her
stomach than to the clear rationality of her mind. She can feel them
pushing hard against the thin jersey cotton of the tanktop beneath her
coveralls. She loves those coveralls - she feels that nothing says
"we're doing science here!" like a well-fit pair of coveralls that has
your organizational patch stitched to the arm.

She finds it comforting to make notes in her log. She's fastidious with
her log keeping. She makes entries every five minutes on the depth and
pressure, exterior temperature, and oxygen and power remaining. Most of
these are unnecessary, but she likes the dull narrative they form when
read together.

The sub has been used for ages, rehabbed many times. At its core it runs
on technology from decades ago. Many of the controls on the submarine
still operate by manual switches. She loves the feel of them between her
fingers; those old switches feel like they do something real. The newer
controls handled by the touch-screen interface are far less satisfying
and reassuring to use.

The exterior darkness takes over her lonely little world, now lit only
by the tiny crimson lights of the instruments. She stares directly into
the dark, letting her pupils dilate wide to absorb the small lights of
this environment - the signals sent by the vast biomass she knows
lives down here. Even at this late stage of ocean exploration very
little is known about the creatures that live out their lives this
far down. When lights are seen in these places they are much like the
light of stars - dim, faint, everywhere. Each light is a whole vast
unexplored creation. Unlike stars, when people came down here they did
occasionally bump into one of these lights; and suddenly a creature pops
into existence, and science turns it from a faint light into a viable
living thing. She loves that, it's the most exciting part of being on
these dives. It feels like real science, as opposed to pushing data
through number-crunching software - the reality of most of her job.

Time passes quickly, and she begins to see glimmers out in that
darkness. At first it's difficult to distinguish them from the
purple-red reflection of the instruments. But soon she is sure she
sees faint reds and blues far out in the black firmament, tracing out
the glyphs of some atavistic language - messages of love, warnings
to friends, lures to death. Every time her eye tries to target one
directly, it disappears. They are phantasmagorical things, flitting
along the edges of her vision, never to be considered by the direct
observation of the scientist.

She realizes she needs to check in with the mother ship.

"Surface; 1900 meters."

"Roger that. Your descent should be slowing and you should be coming
up on the bottom. Can you see it?"

She flips the flood lights on and they silently whine to life, and blast
away the dome of false-colored stars she had been gazing at. Rising
below her, indeed, is the bottom.

"I have the bottom in sight. Pretty unremarkable, actually. I was
hoping for a little more variety in this spot."

The bottom spreads out in front of her in the long bony fingers of the
floods' light --- a flat, gray, unremarkable bottom. The sub touches
with a soft bump, and a light cloud of silt spools up around her,
filling the viewing dome with an opaque concrete color.

"I'm on the bottom."

"The bottom is 2103 meters here. We've mapped a pretty flat desert
with the sonar. But you know we've been pulling crazy animals up from
this area with the trawling nets. With a little luck you should be in
for a treat. You've got 6 hours available to you."

"Thanks. I'm starting the bottom clock now. What are my chances of
seeing anything here, really?"

"Don't worry. The lights always bring 'em. Just be patient and don't
get your panties in a bunch."

Fuck you bro, she thinks to herself. But she lets it go and concentrates
on observing --- observation is what she is here for. She jots down
more useless information in short bursts in her log, not daring to look
away for too long. Nothing to report so far. Time noted. Depth and
surroundings described.

But something is definitely moving out there. The silt shifts, out at
the edges of the light. The shift moves in her direction. No, not a
single thing, a whole group of things. They cross towards the lights,
and then she can see --- some kind of large decapoda, dozens of them
with carapaces of iridescent blue and black. She can't name them
precisely, but the specimen camera targets the movement automatically
and ticks away. It will be intern work for the next few weeks to
identify them properly.

Her fingers find the thin little mini-joystick and she guides the
articulated manipulator to pull a piece of rotted fish from the bait
can. The arm holds out the fish to the passing decapoda and one of
them tickles over, taking it lightly in its claw and passing it to its
mandibles before moving off quickly.

Some small silvery bony fish pass through the lights. Each time they
turn a tiny spot of light swims across the submarine's cabin. More life
drifts into her view. Pulsing life, flashing life, toothy life. She jots
continuously in her log, trying to preserve not the specific species she
is seeing, but the relationships between them, how they move, what they
might be doing differently in reaction to this sudden moon pool of light
spilling into their world of pitch.

Then there is a shadow. Something big. She feels her heart tap faster,
and her breath goes a little shallow. What _is_ that? She instinctively
knows it is a whole other scale of size from the creatures she has
seen so far. There are not a huge number of possibilities. There are
some big slow-moving sharks that could be down this deep. Squid; some
kinds of whales. This is still undiscovered country down here. It was
always possible this is some new thing that had never been seen before.
A true unknown leviathan of the deep. There are all those unverified
reports --- a long history of them from the deep sea --- low sounds so
loud they could be heard across oceans to the other side of the world;
huge gray blobs of necrotic meat that washed up on remote beaches;
unidentifiable scars on the hides of sperm whales, made by some monster
beyond all reckoning of the imaginations of humans. Alone here, the
believability of these things crushes and distorts the plastic framework
of her rational scientific thinking. It is a framework more flimsy than
she had believed.

The shadow passes again. It is not only big, it is fast. `Darting'
is how she would describe it. Though usually that is a word reserved
for small quick creatures. She cranes her head forward into the dome,
looking up, back along the edge of the acrylic, down the side of the
sub. It is dimmer there, the light doesn't travel as far in that
direction. An orderly line of piping for cables and controls traces back
along the curve of the hull. Leaning as far forward as she can get,
pressing her face against the glass and rotating her eyes to one extreme
of their sockets, she can see a little farther back along the hull. Back
to where she thinks the shadow has gone.

Her eye catches movement back there. For a moment it seems like one of
the control lines has broken loose and is waving slowly in the current.
But that can't be right. The submarine status lights are all green; no
reason to panic. She debates checking the submarine systems status with
topside. But that waving line seems to be moving slowly towards her ---
a thing she realizes at precisely the same time that her mind registers
the little flecks of silt and marine snow reflected in the light are
showing the current flowing in the opposite direction. The waving line
is something alive.

Everything seems to go absolutely silent. She forces herself to breathe,
slowly and carefully. She makes herself pay attention to the quiet
humming of the submarine's life support systems, the whine of the
propeller servos transmitting through the hull as they automatically
hold the sub in place. But her mind is completely taken with the shadowy
movement coming towards her. Slowly but definitely.

The shadow shoots into the light field and a thump echoes through the
bones of the submarine. A large mass of pink flesh smacks against the
clear lens of the dome. Rows of bloating suckers, each independently
striving to lock on to the ungrippable glass, each with a bared circle
of hooked canine teeth, scratching and scraping into the hard material.
The sound fills the close interior of the sub.

She is not a person who is easily startled. But this forces a screech
from her. She checks that she left the radio mic closed.

She concentrates on identifying the thing attacking her submarine.
She corrects herself --- whatever it is, it almost certainly isn't
"attacking," it is just being curious. Her mind starts eliminating
possibilities. Slipping back to her default rational-thinking mode calms
her down quickly.

Those are cephalopod suckers, for sure. Bigger than any she's ever seen.
The rows of suckers attached to the hunk of reddish meat creeping across
her window look like the starving eyes of an animal carcass. Giant hooks
rotate and scrape against the surface, and a slightly thinner rope of
flesh snakes off into the darkness on the side of the sub.

It takes a bit, but she puts it together. There is only one known thing
this big, with rotating hooks like that, _Mesonychoteuthis hamiltoni_.
That makes this something special --- no one has ever seen one at depth
before. She reminds herself that, at the moment, she hasn't seen one
either. Just the club end of a tentacle scraping across her view port.

She puts her hands on the sub controls and rotates the submarine towards
the tentacle, slowly. She doesn't want to scare it off, but she doesn't
want it to get bored either. These things are notoriously intelligent.
She needs to keep it entertained. Her left hand goes for the smaller
controls of the manipulator arm, and she works it around and into the
bait can, poking for a large piece of dead fish. Nothing in there is
really appropriate for _M. hamiltoni_, but she finds a relatively large
and intact herring. She hopes the scent alone will be enough to keep
its interest for a while. She moves it towards the groping tentacle
--- which does seem to draw its attention. It moves off the glass and
wraps around the herring, engulfing it. She thinks of the herring
being masticated between those rows and rows of sucker teeth. But she
feels more amazement at the capabilities of evolution to develop such
ferocious weapons than any kind of pity for a piece of dead fish.

The tentacle takes its fish and he disappears, jetting off, like a flower
closing for the night.

"Shit." She whispers to herself, fearing the thing has left her.

For a moment there is nothing. And then, there is the _whole_ thing. It
slowly puffs right into the light of the floods, though it is so big it
stretches across the entire path of the light, the tip of its hood, and
ends of its tentacles still immersed in the dark on either side. She
watches, taking notes. Its eight arms wave gently in its slow wake, its
two tentacles probe more actively in the sea around it. Its hood slowly
filling, and lightly deflating, as it swims casually along, afraid of
nothing, apparently.

The sense of its nonchalance is undermined by its eyes, which probe ---
up, down, forward --- each of them is the size of her head. She can see
directly into the abyss of its pupils as they wilt, trimming away the
excess light. And where its eye looks a tentacle soon follows, and then
an arm or two.

The eyes look at her. It seems impossible that this thing could
recognize anything beyond the shell of the submarine. It can't see
_her_... could it? She remembers skimming a paper that described how the
eyes are used for detecting phosphorescent trails left by descending
whales. They aren't used for _seeing_ at all, really. They are emergency
sensors for avoiding death when it swoops down from above in a cold
illuminated arc. But, surely, it is now looking past the glass, it must
be looking at her.

Despite the better part of her scientific nature, she waves to it.

As before, the tentacles go where the eye looks, this time towards the
glass. The tips touch on either side of the dome, and trace slowly along
the edge, as a blind and hungry carnivore might feel for its food. To
her, that is reassuringly more animal-like behavior. She begins to doubt
her judgment. A moment before, she had been ascribing too much human
motivation to the creature. Seeing it groping for the shape of a thing
is more like the kind of behavior she expects from a cephalopod.

"But" she argues quietly with herself, "We know hardly anything about
these animals, it would be unscientific to have _any_ expectations about
its behavior."

She slides the rheostat controlling the red cabin lights up to full,
figuring if the creature is in fact looking at her through the glass,
and not just at a blurry sub-shaped thing in the water, a little more
light would help it out.

Its hood expands, like a sheet filling with a slow wind as it dries on a
line on a breezy summer day. It moves towards the submarine, its thick
tentacles slip around the edge of the acrylic dome. As each arm comes
into range, the tips gently slide along the glass and she can see the
tiny suckers running down to the pointed end of each arm. It's clearly
exploring by touch.

At the same time it never breaks eye contact with her. She can't help
but feel like those eyes are judging her, _considering_ her. She puts
her hand out and touches the glass, her fingertips apposing the tips of
its arms.

It is such an attractive animal. The arms are massive, rippling with
power and those terrifying teeth, hooks, and suckers. They are fierce
tools for tearing apart all things with its reach. She can't help but
wonder what it would feel like to have those prehensile arms wrapping
slowly around her, feeling each of those innumerable suckers latching on
independently, each sucker grinding its circle of teeth into her flesh,
the hooks implanting into her body, the muscles of the arms contracting,
crushing her with the passion that only comes with deep hunger --- these
creatures are known to be voracious. She can imagine losing the ability
to breathe, the bubble of air forced from her lungs under constriction,
rising away from her, never to come back again.

She knows there are no known instances of giant deep-ocean cephalopods
eating people. But seeing the weapons this thing is armed with, and the
proximity of its power, makes it impossible for her not to consider.

She remembers she should be taking notes, and starts jotting
descriptions of color and estimates of its size.

"M. Hamiltoni" spreads its arms in a massive circumference, as if
he wants to display for her. As its arms open, its beak, black and
horny, shows itself. The beak gapes slowly and the creature's short
rubbery-black tongue slides along the sharp edge of the beak, the
archetype motion of licking its chops in hunger. From some obscure place
under its body a white phallus starts to grow, like a crystal seen with
a time-lapse camera. It splays out to six feel long and swells in girth.
This specimen, she realizes, is a male, and it has a hard-on.

She laughs, in spite of herself.

This beast - this huge, frightening, ancient demon of the deep -
now has two tentacles, eight arms, and a penis all waving from it, all
seeming to seek something. It is a comic horror. In one way, it just
looks so ridiculous. In another way it is genuinely terrifying - she
can't avoid the sense that those waving appendages are all seeking her.

The thing's penis, stands hard against the current that causes all the
other appendages to waft gently in the slow motion of this deep cold
water. She finds herself focusing on the penis. She continues taking
notes - nobody has ever seen this penis in the wild before - but her
mind slowly wraps itself around that throbbing stiff pole with much more
attention and absorption than she could ever capture in the precision of
her notes.

As the details of the huge feature penetrate past her consciousness and
drift lazily down into her subconscious (she has the passing thought
that dreams about this moment would come to her for many years after)
she finds her subconscious pushing strange desires back up to the
surface. Again she is held in the monster's coiling, biting arms,
feeling them wrap around her wrists, her thighs. Feeling them digging
in, a thousand gasping, desperate suckers biting into her flesh. But
now, her thighs are being spread - or maybe they are just spreading?
And the phallus comes towards her...

"Woah." She whispers to herself. "I wonder if the mixture is OK."

She taps the old needle-dial oxygen gauge. It is firmly at 21\%, just as
it should be.

Her mind feels clear. It's not her mind that is causing the trouble. She
unzips her coveralls, sliding the zipper down from her neck, over her
breasts to the stop at the end down between her legs. She slips her hand
into the opening and under the edge of her panties, and touches herself
gently. Her panties are sopping. She licks her finger, tasting her own
saltiness. "M. Hamiltoni" never looks away from her. His pupils narrow
and gaze through the window, watching her touch herself. At least,
that's the most apparent interpretation of his behavior that she can
come up with.

He moves closer, his beak wide, at least three of his arms stroking the
glass in circles, one fleshy point trailing directly around after the
next.

"You like that big boy?"

His yardstick of a phallus swings forward, probing the cold water. She
lets her legs spread slowly as she slides her hand down the front of her
panties, her fingers warm between her wet vulva and the light cotton
material. She feels the curl of her short hairs slipping between her
fingers and thinks about how it might feel to rub it against her friend
out there. To take that cold wet slippery stick in her hand and rub
it against her warm mammalian mound of fur. Would he enjoy it? Would
it be an alien experience for him? Maybe he'd recoil in some kind of
instinctual cephalopodian disgust. Or maybe he'd find warm fur to be
something enticing, the way humans enjoy the texture of snake scale ---
so much so that they turn it into boots.

She lets her finger find her clit. The tip of her finger circles around
it, touching it from every side. And in her mind it's the tip of his
tentacle, going around and around, his eyes never leaving hers. She
holds his long penis in her hands, sliding them up the shaft, foot by
foot, looking for some end or base to reach, but giving up. It slips
back through her hands, as he slowly swims backwards. His tentacle tip
never loses its focus on her clit. His eyes, wet planets adjusting their
orbits with his motion, never lose their focus on her eyes.

"M. Hamiltoni" becomes active. His arms twine around each other and come
apart again. The pink fleshy meat tenses in long forceful grasps of his
muscles as his arms rotate and spin, tracing shadowy patterns in the
light, coming back over and over to tap and scrape his hooks against the
glass. And hanging below, the long line of that massive penis. He turns
his body slowly, bringing it toward the glass.

She craves the lust and power of this monster. She wants to pass through
the glass and become a beast like him, wrapped in his coils and his
will. She needs more.

She slips her arms out of the sleeves of her coveralls, and as she
pushes the heavy cotton fabric down her body, her thumbs slip under the
waist of her panties at her side. She lifts her ass off the vinyl seat,
and slides her panties and coveralls down to her ankles. Her knees splay
wide, and she passes the palm of her hand over the gentle arc of her
belly, the small part of her back arching forward, the muscles of her
legs slightly tensed to support her body. She presents herself to him.

She adjusts the pitch of her voice to whisper to him, willing the sound
to pass through the glass, and the water, to him.

"I want you. Do you understand that? Can you feel lust? Is desire
something that's part of an imaginative fantasy for you? Or is it purely
a mechanical, physical thing? Can you picture taking me through that
glass? Can you see yourself in a place with no barrier between us?"

"M. Hamiltoni" blinks his great eyelids at her, and his arms burst
forward. The acrylic dome pops lightly without a sound, like a soap
bubble floating on the wind. The tips of two arms touch her knees
lightly, and then snake gently around her thighs, in long coiling wraps,
working their way upwards toward her undefended pussy. Another arm slips
behind her, under her arched back, and lays its tip down across her
belly. Other arms touch her, probe the curves of her legs, the edges of
her elbows; one circles her neck gently. He lifts her up, and brings her
carefully out; into a heavy atmosphere of cold and fluid motion.

It doesn't even occur to her to struggle. Struggle would make her prey.
She isn't prey. She is a postulant before this antediluvian god. She
wants to be with him; to open for him. In the wide deep, she floats
in his arms, and he moves them both to where he is more comfortable, in
the dark, out of the light pool from the submarine. His pupils expand to
wide pits of blackness darker even than the tar water around them. She
can feel his grip on her relax slightly, as if he is more comfortable.
One of his arms drifts slowly through her hand, and she can feel the
cold bumpy skin sliding along, with massive power flowing beneath it.

Now comfortable in the cold dark, he explores his acquisition
thoroughly; his arms and tentacles everywhere on her body, touching
every curve, every marked definition of muscle or fat. She can't process
all the things happening. There is too much to track. Too many arms and
tentacles, too much sensory input for her small human mind. She wills
him to touch anything. She wills him to see her body with his arms, his
tentacles, his suckers, hooks and teeth, and his touch. She notices that
he spends more time on her hard edges: her knees, her elbows, her hips
- drawing a picture for himself of her external soft edge, and its
strange hard interior frame that gives it an unmalleable alien shape.

He is everywhere. His arms wrap around her lower calf, her upper thigh,
both wrists. One circles her neck. One cradles her ass, and comes around
to lay across her stomach. Another arm glides up the arch of her back.
Another under the curve of her breasts, and drags a sharp pricking and
catching claw across her nipple. She can feel his power passing in waves
of tightening muscles, moving around his body, reflecting in her own
body. Sometimes she feels him suddenly tense up, and When he does, the
horny teeth of the suckers, and the needle tips of his hooks dig into
her flesh. A thousand pricks, being driven into her body by overwhelming
constricting power; gripping hawsers of pain and suffocation wrapping
every part of her body.

With unyielding force, he spreads her legs. She relaxes, opening for
him, and the sharp hooks of his tentacle tips slide up inside her
thighs. With astonishing delicateness, the soft part of his tentacle
touches her pussy. It presses between her lips, upwards, and covers her
clit. His pressure is firm and timed, like when she uses her fingers but
softer, more controlled, more engulfing, and with more articulation.

She loses her ability to consider things clearly. She is no longer a
dispassionate scientist observing an environment, she has become part
of the environment. And he is not the subject of her observations, he
has taken her up as an object in his environment. To him she might be an
alien lover, or a piece of food to be softened up, or just a toy that
floated down into his abyssal world from the cosmos above. His touch
seems to both probe to comprehend her form, and also to push her for a
response. And she knows he can feel her response every time his tentacle
compresses against her clit. She can feel the muscles of her legs tense
against his gripping arms and his piercing hooks. She knows he can feel
her back arch and her lungs contract. She knows he is figuring out how
to make her respond.

A tentacle circles her neck and closes over her face, blotting out
what little light still reaches them. Everything is sensation now.
Every part of her is held by him. She can feel the long pole of his
phallus brushing against her ass. She can feel his arms clenching and
releasing. The teeth of his suckers and the tips of his hooks dig into
her in hundreds of discrete points of pain. His tentacle sucks and rubs
gently at her clit, but the muscles of his arms clench and release in
time to her own spasms. She comes in a long slow arc, rolling her hips
against his gentle touch. Her body tenses and he responds, compressing
every part of her slowly back against that arc of her orgasm. But with
the increasing compression comes increasing pain from the hooks and the
teeth. And the apex of her orgasm is a melding of searing scratching
agony with a soft wave of white-lit pleasure.

And as the tail end of her orgasm fades off, he slows his tentacle's
pressure on her clit, matching the slowing spasms of her body. She
suspects he can tell the wetness coming from her is of a different
consistency from the usual salt-water medium of his world. His tentacle
lingers over her wetness. His phallus continues to touch her, sliding
along the small of her back, under the curve of her ass.

And then it is in her, passing between the lips of her pussy, inching
slowly deeper. She is terrified, her mind held hostage by the sheer
length of the thing as she had seen it, knowing that as deep as it
already felt, it is only the tip of the pressing length, the beginning
of a long story.

It continues to come onward, far beyond what she thought she was capable
of. The space she felt she had inside her had been filled almost
immediately and now he is filling a space in her she didn't know she
had. But it doesn't hurt. He doesn't wound her with his phallus. He just
fills her completely. Like he can sense when he has pushed himself into
her to a point where her whole being rests upon him.

It isn't like he is fucking her. He just fills her and holds there.
Holds her whole body there. She is completely entrapped by him,
completely succumbs to him. She can feel his muscles tightening and
relaxing against her, as if he is trying to control a hurricane force of
emotions. But the only thing actually moving is the soft tentacle still
undulating against her clit.

And this time the arc of her orgasm climbs steeply and quickly. She
passes over the top and finds a plateau there, where her body thrusts
and tightens against his clenching arms, and his rubbing tentacles. Her
orgasm goes on and on, suspended on that phallus that fills her, holding
her like a coat on a hook, but she is on a hook blowing in a gale wind,
suspended over the maw of the Earth itself.

As her orgasm begins to fade, a pricking sensation tells her she must
return - back to the sub, back to the surface. But the world up there,
the surface world where physics has hard unbreakable laws and scientific
thinking arises from rationality and evidence, isn't her world anymore.

Drowsiness takes her. She rests, floating in his now relaxed arms,
gently smiling. She still can feel a tiny lit-match flame of her orgasm,
but it is slowly winking out, along with the pinpoint star in the
darkness that is all that remains of her submarine.


